If #BernieSanders is not willing to tell us how much money will go to BLACK PEOPLE SPECIFICALLY for job creation, then #dontvote 

I really,really,really wish that Black people wud stop letting #BernieSanders play these word game/jedi mind tricks when they interview him 

Once again ask #BernieSanders about foreign policy & he starts talking about things 40yrs ago, last time he thought about world!!!#hardball 

Which part of constitution allows #BernieSanders 2seize & redistribute wealth in name of utopian vision? 

#BernieSanders not only is knowledge deficient in economics, he needs to learn grammar 

#BernieSanders Said Reparations For Blacks Is Divisive, Yet He Supported Reparations For Jews 

WHEN YOU THINK PRESIDENT OF USA do you think of LOSER who didnt have a JOB until 40? #BERNIESANDERS or SUCCESSFUL MAN all his life #TRUMP ? 

Bernie Sanders, The Bum Who Wants Wow, what a loser. Your Money 

Apparently #BernieSanders is still unelectable He Led The Financial Bailout But Says Banks Are Still Too Big To Fail 

Support the "Real Deal" #BernieSanders & his massive revolution to reestablish a "Real" "Democratic Socialistic" political system in America 

As much as we love where #BernieSanders mind and heart is for the forgotten middleclass and students. Then numbers just don't add up ".

..looking into massive black holes" ~ @BillHemmer. You mean they could peer into #BernieSanders cranium? 

harassing me by phone after repeated requests not to! 
As a patriotic capitalist, he truly scares me. 

14 things Bernie Sanders has said about socialism 

How tf can you be a Jew and support the same economic stance as the people who wanted to wipe you off the face of the planet?!? 

I'd rather have Bush over @SenSanders he is a socialist...like come on guys 

Bernie has already separated blacks that is enough w/blood on his hands voting against the Brady Bill FIVE times.

 My Endorsement for President: will NOT be for a Fascist or a Socialist. We need to unite behind a strong leader who has stepped up for Ameica and has proven he has what it takes

 #nobernie first real job 1996 #USSENATOR. has $46k in #creditcarddebt and no assets. Sounds like someone I want involved in the economy, not lots of words...tough talk...WHERE'S THE BEEF 

A man who embraces an ideology 
that is responsible for killing millions is NOT A Nice guy  

Just remember Nazis were socialists! 

John Hawkins-Capitalism Is Freedom; Socialism Is Slavery. Even "74 yr olds" should KNOW THAT!  

would cause another depression if we elect him as president. We can't let that happen! We don't need Bernie! 

Sickening; 40 yo & couldn't hold a job until govt payroll What the hell do you know about the constitution?


Socialist Extraordinaire wants 2 destroy our USA~protect her from 

GIVEME Vote & Say If he denied benefits for those who defended your rights f I planned to live off of everybody's hard work I wouldn't have gone to college. 

Sorry, I don't believe in working for others. 

Yes Yes YES!!! Protect the USA & keep keeping US safe Put ideas up against this Communist Manifesto Uncanny Similarities Derailing Sanders's "revolution" is done by educating people and explaining to them the truth behind his deceptive rhetoric. 

Amen! And Anyone with a computer or a library near by can study and learn this is a I've listed all the reasons why Bernie Sanders is a fraud & a hypocrite. 

That will be too late. Do  you think Venezuelans knew voting in a Socialist government would lead to this? 

MiniMao for Prison, Bernie for the nut house. 

Reminds me of Obama. 

We are totally screwed wants 2 destroy everything that made R USA great~he said he's a SOCIALIST

 Bernie Sanders is Not a Social Democrat; He’s a Marxist Civil rights hero 

 John Lewis isn't impressed by Bernie Sanders' activism B

 Bernie Sanders went to SC voter event and told the most AA audience that white people deserved reparations too. I literally can't process it 

 Bernie Sanders keeps trying to distract us from his lack of foreign policy chops:

I wonder if the same will happen if @BernieSanders is elected and raises taxes on the masses as proposed 

so when he loses what do you think Will happen to those dolls? Trash! 

Today - John Lewis setting the record straight! Don't you misrepresent 

Bernie is a one issue man. He should stay in the Senate so he can tackle all of the inequality in Vermont. 

said billionaire and Wall Street one too many times tonight.  Get some new lines 

#\Socialism is BAD for ANY country PERIOD No 50-90% TAX RATES are you all that stupid REALLY? wakeUP 

If college became free, college would be worthless

Those attacking john lewis take note. If this is what you call "revolution" count me out COMPLETELY. 

Obama  visits Chicago to teach them how to spend more.

And took away freedom, all your property, money, family-yep sounds like today's democrat/socialist

Why the Sanders Tax Plan Can't Pay for His Socialist Agenda 

Hmmm...This should be interesting! Keep America Safe! 

a lot of people don't want the damn socialist non democrat running in the democrat primary.

Never imagined American electorate would support an aging socialist that will finish off what Obama started and ruin America.